aquarius - Aquarius tend to be close to water naturally. Aquarius is represented by the water bearer and is known to be strong because of its massive chiseled muscles but also has a kinder side and is known to be a giver of life. Aquarius tend to start trouble but also be the cause of resolving said trouble. Aquarius are very loyal always sticking by their companions never abandoning them. Aqaurius generally not compatible with Leo's because of their prideful nature but are quite compatible gemini because of their camaraderie.
pisces -  Pisces generally have try to be close to people but end up drifting away because of their cold nature. The symbol of Pisces is represented by two fish names billson and bobert and are generally seen as friends but actually they dislike eachother heavily. Pisces generally make new friends but soon get bored of them and then rid themeselves of their new aquantices. Pisces generally are not compatible with Gemini because of how close they are with their friends but generally enjoy being around Virgo because of their nice pure hearted nature. Pisces are known cheaters and will do anything to get what they want, never trust a Pisces to comply by the rules.
aries - Aries are man and women of the land and favor the outdoors.  Aries of represented by goat man which is a goat head with longer than usual horns. Aries are people who like to have their alone time as well as time with friends and family. Aries should watch out for Aquarius they bring unwanted water into aries land loving lives. Aries generally are compatible with Sagittarius because of their like minded livestyles but are generally uncompatible and come at odds with Aquarius.
taurus - Taurus are hot headed red color hating individuals who live by the philosophy of tough love. Taurus is represented by the raging buffoon which is a hot tempered son of a gun and doesnt take nothing from no one! Taurus are people who like to live on a schedule and anything that messes with their schedule upsets them to no end. Taurus arnt really compatible with anyone because of their temper and attitude but can sometimes make suprise friends with unexpected people.
gemini - Gemini are clingy individuals who hate being/feeling lonely and alone because of their inate behavior. Gemini is represented by blue and red which are two inseparable beings which will not leave each other. Gemini are extroverted people that take initiative when having to decide on activities. Gemini generally are compatible with most other signs but may end up losing friendships because of their need for social interaction. Gemini beware of the Libra they are definintely plotting something against you, if they invite you out make sure to bring a sturdy weapon for self defense.
cancer - Cancer are generally looked down upon because when people hear your a cancer they think of the disease and not the sign. Even though people constantly are giving Cancer their pity they genrally do not want it because that brings them unwanted attention. The Cancer is represented by the crab Koko Jumbo and is often thought to be the true ruler of the sea. Caner are compatible with Aquarius and Capricorn because of their relation to water and the sea but beware of Virgo because they seem to be fisherman often which, Cancer despise. 
leo - Leo are the most prideful of individuals and more often than not that is what brings their downfall and misfourtune. Leo is represented by the lion by the name of Tony the tiger and the leo sign is often mistaken for the mascot for a popular cereal brand even though the sign came first. Leo often walk into situations that are seen as traps or bad ideas to all other signs because of their blind reliance on their pride which does not allow them to back down. The Leo are compatible with all becuase they see themeselves as the alpha even though most the time they are not they just can not see past their own pride.
virgo - Virgo are kind hearted people who always lend out a helping hand. Virgo is represented by The child which is generally a sweet little girl. Virgos main profession usually comes out to be fisherman which is fine but makes Them almost a non option for compatibility with Cancer. If you see a Cancer glaring at you its most likely because your a Virgo fisherman. 
libra - Libra are people who enjoy life day by day not letting the future or past get them down. Libra is represented by the scales of just-us which most people generally think means justice for whatever your ideals of justice are. The compatability for Libra is very well balanced because their sign is a scale which makes them a balanced compatability choice for every sign. A Gemini you may know has been looking down lately give them a suprise party or get together to chear their spirits.
scorpio - Scorpio generally are people who think they are better than everyone else but really are just the same or worse. The representation of Scorpio is scupi which looks like a scorpion but really is just a person in a scorpion suit. Scorpio generally get along with Leo because the Leo mistake Scorpio for having pride when they actually just have a superiority complex. Scorpio better look out because your love luck is getting lower and lower by the day.
saggitarius - Sagittarius are people who enjoy long rides through unexplored areas because of their wild and free spirit. The Sagittarius is represented by the menotaur Daryl Nor and is usually seen as a symbol of strength. The compatability for Sagittarius is Aries because of their connection to wilderness and exploration of the outdoors. The Sagittarius generally are not compatible with Leo because they see Leo as not respecting the wilderness.
capricorn - Capricorn are people who enjoy a nice balanced lifestyle with each aspect of the world in their life living close to body of waters but also being far enough on land to experience the land as well. The Capricorn is represented by Mermaid Man and is usually mistaken as a superhero. The compatability for Capricorn are other sea loving signs as well as land loving signs. The signs they arnt compatabile with are signs that only like one part of the world may it be sea or land or space. If you are a Capricorn make sure to live close to a coast and good fortune will follow.